README.adoc, before:

= Awesome Kotlin
:hardbreaks:

A curated list of awesome Kotlin related stuff Inspired by awesome-java.

== Official Links

http://kotlinlang.org/[Home Page]
http://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/[Language Reference]
http://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/[Blog]
http://try.kotlinlang.org/[Try Kotlin!]
http://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issues/KT[Issue Tracker]
https://github.com/jetbrains/kotlin[Kotlin Repository]
https://twitter.com/project_kotlin[Twitter]

== Resources

https://www.reddit.com/r/Kotlin/[/r/Kotlin]
https://www.quora.com/Kotlin?share=1[Quora Kotlin]
https://github.com/trending?l=kotlin[Trending Kotlin on Github]
http://antonioleiva.com/[Antonio Leiva - Android and any other monsters]

== Single Posts
_:tv:_ Nov 03, 2014 https://vimeo.com/110781020[GeeCON Prague 2014: Andrey Cheptsov - A Reactive and Type-safe Kotlin DSL for NoSQL and SQL]
_:tv:_ Aug 12, 2015     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IhT8HACc2E[JVMLS 2015 - Flexible Types of Kotlin - Andrey Breslav]

== Libraries

=== Android
https://github.com/JetBrains/anko[JetBrains/anko] - Pleasant Android application development.
https://github.com/JakeWharton/kotterknife[JakeWharton/kotterknife] - View injection library for Android.
https://github.com/pawegio/KAndroid[pawegio/KAndroid] - Kotlin library for Android

=== Web
https://github.com/TinyMission/kara[TinyMission/kara] - Web framework written in Kotlin
https://github.com/jean79/yested[jean79/yested] - A Kotlin framework for building web applications in Javascript.

=== Util
https://github.com/JetBrains/spek[JetBrains/spek] - A specification framework for Kotlin

=== Misc
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxKotlin[ReactiveX/RxKotlin] - RxJava bindings for Kotlin

== Projects

=== Android
https://github.com/antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin[antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin] - A showcase music app for Android entirely written using Kotlin language
https://github.com/damianpetla/kotlin-dagger-example[damianpetla/kotlin-dagger-example] - Example of Android project showing integration with Kotlin and Dagger 2

=== Misc
https://github.com/JetBrains/swot[JetBrains/swot] - Identify email addresses or domains names that belong to colleges or universities. Help automate the process of approving or rejecting academic discounts.
https://github.com/IRus/kotlin-dev-proxy[IRus/kotlin-dev-proxy] - Simple server for proxy requests and host static files written in Kotlin, Spark Java and Apache HttpClient

''''
NOTE: Get help with AsciiDoc syntax: http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-writers-guide/[AsciiDoc Writer’s Guide]

Commit message:

Added new posts and Sample Spring Boot Project.

README.adoc, after:

= Awesome Kotlin
:hardbreaks:

A curated list of awesome Kotlin related stuff Inspired by awesome-java.

== Official Links

http://kotlinlang.org/[Home Page]
http://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/[Language Reference]
http://blog.jetbrains.com/kotlin/[Blog]
http://try.kotlinlang.org/[Try Kotlin!]
http://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issues/KT[Issue Tracker]
https://github.com/jetbrains/kotlin[Kotlin Repository]
https://twitter.com/project_kotlin[Twitter]

== Resources

https://www.reddit.com/r/Kotlin/[/r/Kotlin]
https://www.quora.com/Kotlin?share=1[Quora Kotlin]
https://github.com/trending?l=kotlin[Trending Kotlin on Github]
http://antonioleiva.com/[Antonio Leiva - Android and any other monsters]

== Single Posts
_:tv:_              Nov 03, 2014 https://vimeo.com/110781020[GeeCON Prague 2014: Andrey Cheptsov - A Reactive and Type-safe Kotlin DSL for NoSQL and SQL]
_:page_facing_up:_  Jul 06, 2015 https://medium.com/@octskyward/why-kotlin-is-my-next-programming-language-c25c001e26e3[Why Kotlin is my next programming language]
_:page_facing_up:_  Jul 20, 2015 http://blog.zuehlke.com/en/android-kotlin/[Android + Kotlin = <3]
_:page_facing_up:_  Aug 06, 2015 http://nordicapis.com/building-apis-on-the-jvm-using-kotlin-and-spark-part-1/[Building APIs on the JVM Using Kotlin and Spark – Part 1]
_:tv:_              Aug 12, 2015 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IhT8HACc2E[JVMLS 2015 - Flexible Types of Kotlin - Andrey Breslav]


== Libraries

=== Android
https://github.com/JetBrains/anko[JetBrains/anko] - Pleasant Android application development.
https://github.com/JakeWharton/kotterknife[JakeWharton/kotterknife] - View injection library for Android.
https://github.com/pawegio/KAndroid[pawegio/KAndroid] - Kotlin library for Android

=== Web
https://github.com/TinyMission/kara[TinyMission/kara] - Web framework written in Kotlin
https://github.com/jean79/yested[jean79/yested] - A Kotlin framework for building web applications in Javascript.

=== Util
https://github.com/JetBrains/spek[JetBrains/spek] - A specification framework for Kotlin

=== Misc
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxKotlin[ReactiveX/RxKotlin] - RxJava bindings for Kotlin

== Projects

=== Android
https://github.com/antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin[antoniolg/Bandhook-Kotlin] - A showcase music app for Android entirely written using Kotlin language
https://github.com/damianpetla/kotlin-dagger-example[damianpetla/kotlin-dagger-example] - Example of Android project showing integration with Kotlin and Dagger 2

=== Web
https://github.com/ssoudan/ktSpringTest[ssoudan/ktSpringTest] - Basic Spring Boot app in Kotlin

=== Misc
https://github.com/JetBrains/swot[JetBrains/swot] - Identify email addresses or domains names that belong to colleges or universities. Help automate the process of approving or rejecting academic discounts.
https://github.com/IRus/kotlin-dev-proxy[IRus/kotlin-dev-proxy] - Simple server for proxy requests and host static files written in Kotlin, Spark Java and Apache HttpClient

''''
NOTE: Get help with AsciiDoc syntax: http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-writers-guide/[AsciiDoc Writer’s Guide]
